In this video, I'm going to give you
a quick overview of the software that you can load onto the DragonBoard.
The DragonBoard runs many different operating systems.
So it's not limited to just one like many other single board computers.
The major choices are Android,
Debian, and Windows 10.
Android is really useful for running applications
and one of the most common questions I hear is,
which operating system should I run on my DragonBoard?
Well it really depends on what kind of developer you are.
If you are an Android developer,
building applications for Android phones then,
you should run Android and then,
you can use all of your knowledge of Android and Android
apps to build apps that run on the DragonBoard.
If you are a Windows 10 developer and you're used to using
the Microsoft tools then you should put Windows 10 on the board.
This is a stripped down version of the full Windows 10,
but it is large enough that universal apps created using the Microsoft studio,
all run on this board just as if they were running on your desktop system.
Finally, there's the Debian system,
which is a Linux system with a desktop and a console and it's very easy to use.
And if you're a Linux developer this is probably the choice for
you and will be used through most of this course, the remaining sections.
If you're developing a final product,
if you're taking it from the DragonBoard,
from the learning tool to creating your own custom boards and
your own custom plastics and selling a product that does some interesting thing,
you probably don't want to put Android on the board.
Android doesn't have a long life span,
they keep revising it, generation to generation.
Almost every year there's a new version of
Android and if you expect to sell your product for a long time,
having Android on the board will be a lot of support work.
The other operating systems,
Debian and Windows 10 or Linux and Windows 10,
have much longer lifespans.
You can expect your product to run for years on those versions.
In the Linux world,
there are many different distributions.
So we have the Linaro open embedded distribution, there's Ubuntu Core,
there's Fedora, there's SUSE and all of
these distributions run quite well on the DragonBoard.
In fact, we have more distributions coming.
So by the time you see this video,
there may be more than just the ones I've listed so far.
So you have to make a choice,
which one do you want to use?
And the choice should be what are you familiar with,
and if you're building a long term product or not.
If you're just learning,
then Android might be a very good choice for you or Windows 10.
If you're building your next great thing
it's probably best to use Linux distribution or a Windows 10 distribution.
Hopefully this is giving you a quick overview of all the things you can
do or all the software you can run on the DragonBoard.
And we have a number of resources.
We have the Qualcomm Developer Network
which gives you pointers to some of these operating systems.
We have the 96Boards website which has
the Consumer Edition Products page the DragonBoard 410 landing page.
Arrow Electronics has a lot of software
and you can buy DragonBoards directly from Arrow Electronics.
You can also buy DragonBoards from Amazon.com.
Hopefully, all of these ideas and the openness of
the software will inspire you to build new products using the DragonBoard 410c.